Document how to change the base font and the font for headings. Descr… (#4014)
plone/volto: docs/source/theming/custom-styling.md

1. Get your font and copy the files to `/theme/assets/fonts/<font name with space replaced by _>`.

1. Usually the font provider gives you ready made font-face instructions.
  Copy these font-face code lines to `/theme/typography.css`.  
  There are a lot of font providers.

>   If you are for Google fonts, check [google-webfonts-helper](https://gwfh.mranftl.com/fonts) for generating font-face code.

Reviewer: Nifty tool!

```suggestion
  If you choose Google fonts, check [google-webfonts-helper](https://gwfh.mranftl.com/fonts) to generate `font-face` CSS code and download font files to include in your project.
```
